The physical pain that is, I think, depends with the realisation of the practitioners,
because physical is one of the very strong habitual, karmic habitual to any practitioners
at that time. And so when it is connected to that physical things, then it is, depends
with the realisation of the practitioners. If the very high realisation of the practitioners,
definitely, then they can cut through or they see this, you can display, if the pain is
not really become as suffering.
So this is not really dependent, like true pain or sufferings, I think is just a part
of the display there. But then also some of those good practices, really good practiciness,
so often then they use that as even not cutting thoroughly immediately there, but yet they
use that situation as the increasing, they move each other, activities such as exchanging
and equalising, exchanging, and those are really tapping, so then use that as the part
of the practises, the meditations, so it's not just going to throw only the sufferings,
each other, talk for the beings and use that situation, so those are the many good practices.
I think it's really good to apply, even it's not so, become so comfortable, so strongly
that this exchanging body is really good to think that. And then also, when some of the
meditations, Buddha Dara or the only Buddhists, so this pain is become not pain to me, and
I think it's really good to find that, to really kind of add that attention, it makes
more powerful to purify the karma at the same time, then also wishing up by my sickness,
may the other beings sickness the free heat, and kind of trying to cultivate more body
to the thought, even the big practice, those are the really teaching set to that. But then
once in a while we can apply, also the pain is just an illusion, it's just mental display,
so trying to also evoke that realisation also as much as we can during those feelings, and
those are all known as taking care of that situation with Dara, with the practises.